hello friends and welcome
here from the life ag the new map
previously known flour 13 now also mls
15 available check it out and we
look at the bottom left as a very
very clear overview map the
with meadows and fields unfortunately god
but the 100 will be set correctly
but do not overrate them now
but I hope that in one
future version is done or
is changed we say we will
Here is a question mark
we will here look around times would
imagination but so beautiful
Illuminate a bit further
day we have here very much
but heavy very plant map but this
not so tragic it as ever
purely in the garage while the man hüllemann
velvet and otherwise actually the
standard vehicles here and what's nice
is is what is hopefully here
now we look closer we have here
actually actually as I said all
fields here as well as almost all fields
What can you do here ?
lay
and what's the nice thing is you
accordingly then ever good money
it would not be worth it so we have okay
that is understandable that you do not like that
looks like back there decide
are there any problems with the wallpaper
somehow who ever got me
betrayed as the beet exactly means
I'm in front of you over the limit
web is not that ideal you would
The grass is beautiful for that
to watch
So the meppener very atmospheric
style
We claim that the devices are so
arbitrarily stand around for a while
back to version 1
the layout of the landscape is right
nice as said the beet would son
refer to is perhaps so because
here nebelhorn now it's on
Bit better would not like now
set as a readiness in advance
So to come here is in any case
even more having fun like is still
you can not afford many
but do at first sight friends
and the first look this most of the time
most decent many the maps right
sympathetic so a weekend you like
said of ls 13 now its that
is always bad considering has the
applied map to do that is always as
could not turn it on first
It is a pity but hardly to change
there for that settle paths str4
Personally very interesting only gets
a position was installed
Collision was blocked here at least
Here with the masks look like it there
here in the forest is here is drunk
comma might even make
Trees are to be harvested anyway or
about collision had excitingly beautiful
high is growing in any case very much
many trees very many trees
I find that bad to say in
a train because trees and so on the
marienhof austria i find that in
Austria
I can see so much you can already
times had depending on where in Austria
but fell off the tree immediately
Folding so many already really Styrian
So before that really great
version as so I do not know any now
mistake, of course , you can short-arms
show emotions
but me it comes first glance
Here it is very cool it finds the street
next to the road for tractors and so
I find that very much more
sympathetic there are three courtyards and so on
continue and so on what's worth it
In any case, those with personal
to see friends if she forgets something
I am always so friendly of this
these beautiful landscapes where they are
Anyone can afford flat fields every year
but landscapes fell properly
Design is perhaps more difficult
otherwise would highly recommend
missing next to constantly reload stuff
the no-name among friends becomes her
sure times make mistakes or percent
surely there will still hand on the
met and then there is sure we are
two or three or four five none
I am very keen on the web
and quite big things without a web
so why is it now looks only times the
it is almost clear so I really big
So you find really big you find
she is really good now
at first sight he would
really imagine him shouting server
the map you look sit with me for
charging points and see you soon
hopefully soon again
bye bye